- Helm3 suppport (#281)
banzaicloud/logging-operator: charts/logging-operator/README.md

$ helm install --name my-release banzaicloud-stable/logging-operator
```

### CRDs

> The CRDs are provisioned using crd-install hooks, rather than relying on a separate chart installation.

Reviewer: In our case this is not true.

Author: Remove thx

> If you already have these CRDs provisioned and don't want to remove them, you can disable the CRD creation by these hooks by passing `createCustomResource=false` (not required if using Helm v3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `createCustomResource=false` with Helm v3 to avoid trying to create CRDs from the `crds` folder and from templates at the same time.
```
